avi.kfir, galb1997
Avraham Kfir(318251519), Gal Bronstein(318167632)
EX: 2

FILES:
README
Makefile - a makefile.
uthreads.h - User-Level Threads Library (uthreads).
uthreads.cpp - Implementation of the user-Level Threads Library.
Thread.h - Thread Class header.
Thread.cpp - Implementation of the Thread Class.


ANSWERS:

1. User level threads is a reasonable choice because it's low in overhead 
 (quick because there's no use of the OS) and we have controle of the switch.
 Also it's good when we want to split our job into small pieces.
For example merge-sort is good to implement with user-level thread. 

2. 
Advantages of a process: 
- Protected from each other.
- If one blocks, this does not affect the other processes.

Disadvantages of a process: 
- high overhead: each new tab demands a kernel trap and significant work
(it is heavy weight activity).
- There is no sharing between processes.

3.
After we entered the process name, an interrupt happened from the keyboard
 to the OS telling it a key was pressed.
After the KILL command, a trap was sent from the command line to the OS
 telling it to end the process. Next the OS sent a killing signal
 to the process according to its pid. The process ended.


4. Virtual time (also called running time) is defined as the CPU time 
required to complete a process (with no interruptions). 
Real time - the real time that has passed in the system (including overhead).

The schedualer can use a virtual time to determines how to move processes
 and threads between the ready and run queues. Also can use the real time 
to know how much time passed from the start to end.

5.
sigsetjmp() - saves "a bookmark": PC, SP, signal mask - if specified,
 and rest of environment (CPU state) for later use by siglongjmp().
return value: 0 if returning directly, otherwise a user-defined value if 
we have just arrived using siglongjmp().

siglongjmp() - Jumps to the code location and restore CPU state 
specified by env.
If the signal mask was saved in sigsetjmp, it will be also restored.
