galb1997, avi.kfir
Gal Bronstein (318167632), Avraham Kfir (318251519)
EX: 5

FILES:
Makefile - your makefile should generate two executable files named: 
container and sockets when
            running 'make' with no arguments.
README file - The README should be structured according to the course guidelines.
container.cpp - executable that constructs a container and runs a program within the
                container.
sockets.cpp - executable which based on command line arguments will run either a client or
              server at a port given at the command line argument.

ANSWERS:

1. One general use of Linux pid namespaces is to provide a new independent 
   set of process IDs. The first new process with this namespaces will be with PID 1.
   (CLONE_NEWPID).

2. Creating a separate mount namespace allows each of these isolated processes to
   have a completely different view of the entire system's mountpoint structure
   from the original one. This allows you to have a different root for each
   isolated process, as well as other mountpoints that are specific to those processes.

3. CGroups defines what the container can do for example: limiting usage of CPU.

4. clone- these system call create a new ("child") process, in a manner
          similar to fork().
          By contrast with fork(), these system call provide more precise
          control over what pieces of execution context are shared between
          the calling process and the child process.  For example, using
          these system call, the caller can control whether or not the two
          processes share the virtual address space, the table of file
          descriptors, and the table of signal handlers.

5. chroot- changes the root directory of the calling process to
           that specified in path.  This directory will be used for
           pathnames beginning with /.  The root directory is inherited by
           all children of the calling process.

6. procfs - The proc filesystem is a special filesystem in Unix-like operating
           systems that presents information about processes and other system
           information in a hierarchical file-like structure.
           use of procfs- providing a more convenient and standardized
           method for dynamically accessing process data held in the
           kernel than traditional tracing methods or direct access to kernel memory.

REMARKS:
---




